Feature atv1 multicell (#5639)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/asset_tracker/README.rst

   * - Red
     - Error

> Note: if multicell location services are used, and GPS is not currently enabled, the LED colors will change depending on the number of neighboring cell towers reported by the modem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If multicell location services are used and GPS is not enabled, the LED colors change depending on the number of neighboring cell towers reported by the modem as follows:
```

In order to use A-GPS and P-GPS at the same time, use the following instead:
``-DOVERLAY_CONFIG=overlay-agps-pgps.conf``

Using nRF Cloud Cellular Positioning
************************************
If the accuracy of GPS is not required, battery life is very important, and reporting an approximate location is desired, cellular positioning is an option.

With cellular positioning:

>    * the modem reports the current cell tower information to the application
>    * the application reports this to nRF Cloud
>    * nRF Cloud looks this up in a database
>    * if enabled, nRF Cloud reports back the location to the device

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * The modem reports the current cell tower information to the application.
   * The application reports this to nRF Cloud.
   * nRF Cloud looks this up in a database.
   * If enabled, nRF Cloud reports back the location to the device.
```

> There are two versions of cellular positioning:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two alternatives of cellular positioning:
```

>    * single cell: least costly, less accurate
>    * multi cell: more accurate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Single cell is least costly but less accurate.
   * Multicell is more accurate.
```

> Single cell is enabled with ``CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_CELL_POS``.  Multi cell is enabled with ``CONFIG_CELL_POS_MULTICELL``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Single cell is enabled with the :kconfig:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_CELL_POS` option and multicell with the :kconfig:`CONFIG_CELL_POS_MULTICELL` option.
```

.. external_antenna_note_end

This application supports the |NCS| :ref:`ug_bootloader`, but it is disabled by default.
To enable the immutable bootloader, set ``CONFIG_SECURE_BOOT=y``.

> Using nRF Cloud A-GPS or P-GPS

Author: @peknis I noticed just now that when I did this PR, I removed this section of the readme.  But now I have no idea why I removed it -- I think it's important information still.

Also, @peknis, at the time I did this PR, everyone decided that a changelog entry was not needed.  But since then, I see that two other ATv1 changes are mentioned in the change log.  So I am wondering if I should also add a change log entry now for this feature, prior to NCS 1.8.0 final.

Reviewer: @plskeggs, you may want to bring the section back to the doc and also add an entry to the changelog. Please, open a PR and mark it with the 1.8.0 milestone if you want to have those changes in the upcoming release. If you decide to open a PR, add also @greg-fer as one of the reviewers as he is responsible for the doc release.

Author: False alarm -- that section was duplicated, so this change was just to remove one of them.  No need for a new PR.
